concepts: Document EntryDescription object (#3928)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/concepts/entry-points.md

T> __"Scalable webpack configurations"__ are ones that can be reused and combined with other partial configurations. This is a popular technique used to separate concerns by environment, build target, and runtime. They are then merged using specialized tools like [webpack-merge](https://github.com/survivejs/webpack-merge).

T> You can pass empty object `{}` to `entry` when you have only entry points generated by plugins.

### EntryDescription object

An object with entry point description. You can specify the following properties.

> - `dependOn` :  The entry points that the current entry point depends on.They must be loaded before this entry point is loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dependOn`:  The entry points that the current entry point depends on. They must be loaded before this entry point is loaded.
```

> - `filename` :  Specifies the name of each output file on disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `filename`:  Specifies the name of each output file on disk.
```

> - `import`   :  Module(s) that are loaded upon startup.
> - `library`  :  Options for library.
> - `runtime`  :  The name of the runtime chunk. If set, a runtime chunk with this name is created otherwise an existing entry point is used as runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `import`:  Module(s) that are loaded upon startup.
- `library`:  Options for library.
- `runtime`:  The name of the runtime chunk. If set, a runtime chunk with this name is created otherwise an existing entry point is used as runtime.
```

__Why?__ In a multi-page application, the server is going to fetch a new HTML document for you. The page reloads this new document and assets are redownloaded. However, this gives us the unique opportunity to do things like using [`optimization.splitChunks`](/configuration/optimization/#optimizationsplitchunks) to create bundles of shared application code between each page. Multi-page applications that reuse a lot of code/modules between entry points can greatly benefit from these techniques, as the number of entry points increases.

T> As a rule of thumb: Use exactly one entry point for each HTML document.

> ### EntryDescription object

Reviewer: Maybe move this part to https://webpack.js.org/concepts/entry-points/#object-syntax section?

An object with entry point description. You can specify the following properties.

> - `dependOn` :  The entrypoints that the current entrypoint depend on.They must be loaded when this entrypoint is loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dependOn` :  The entrypoints that the current entrypoint depends on.They must be loaded before this entrypoint is loaded.
```

- `filename` :  Specifies the name of each output file on disk.
- `import`   :  Module(s) that are loaded upon startup.
- `library`  :  Options for library.

> - `runtime`  :  The name of the runtime chunk. If set, a runtime chunk with this name is created else an existing entrypoint is used as runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `runtime`  :  The name of the runtime chunk. If set, a runtime chunk with this name is created otherwise an existing entrypoint is used as runtime.
```

__webpack.config.js__

```javascript
module.exports = {
  entry: {
    b2: {

>       dependOn: "depedningfile.js",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      dependOn: "dependingfile.js",
```

Reviewer 2: This should be a name of an entrypoint not the name of a file. You need a second entrypoint, e. g. `a2` to reference it.

      import: "./src/app.js"
    }
  }
};
```

> W> `runtime` and `dependOn` can not be specified both on a single entry, so the following config is invalid and would throw an error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`runtime` and `dependOn` should not be used together on a single entry, so the following config is invalid and would throw an error:
```

__webpack.config.js__

```javascript
module.exports = {
  entry: {
    a2: "./a",
    b2: {
      runtime: "x2",
      dependOn: "a2",
      import: "./b"
    }
  }
};
```

> W> Make sure `runtime` must not point to an existing entrypoint name for example the below config would throw an error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure `runtime` must not point to an existing entrypoint name, for example the below config would throw an error:
```

```javascript
module.exports = {
  entry: {
    a1: "./a",
    b1: {
      runtime: "a1",
      import: "./b"
    }
  }
};
```

> W> Also `dependOn` must not be circular, follwing example again would throuw an error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also `dependOn` must not be circular, the following example again would throw an error:
```
